THe following are a collection of bug fixes, improvements, and feature requests.

Format:
Issue Title (less than 80 characters)
Reporter (First Last - no email)
Description
Two CRLF

Correct FRL data with raw data from BSD
Darren Hart
The FRL data was mined from a visually noisy data source and contains
significant errors.


Ability to change elementary school boundaries at the same time
Jim Weider
Given that elementary school boundaries are going to change in the near future,
it would be nice to be able to make changes to them now which would feed into
the high school boundary exercise by keeping the new elementary boundaries
contiguous in the new high school boundaries.


Map comparison feature
Amber Christensen (and others)
Be able to compare a map with another map, or at least the latest BSD/Committee
map. Some kind of overlay, or hashing in the changed grid codes, would help
visualize the differences.


Per User Login
Darren Hart (and others)
The lack of individual login was the cost of initial velocity. It blocks a
number of features, including voting, editing maps, and deleting maps. We
work to enable login via facebook, google, or local accounts.


Admin page
Darren Hart
Create an administration page that allows for viewing the full solutions data
and to remove duplicate or offensive maps.


Rethink distance data
Karen Hohndel
For example:
  Students     w/in 2 mi.     Median Distance     Max Dist
  Aloha HS     600                 2.75 mi        5 mi
  West view    500                 1.3 mi         3 mi
I would also be inclined to use Cartesian distance rather than Google's routing
for two reasons; the weights applied to Google's routing preferences may not
produce the shortest linear path (weighting travel time more heavily than
distance) and school buses collect groups of kids from discrete catchments not
one by one from home to school 


Map Legend
Karen Hohndel
Your map doesn't have a legend. Bad cartographer! No cookie!! :-) You really
should add one, especially if users are printing the maps.


Make high school icons and labels easier to read
Karen Hohndel
The maps would be easier to read if the high school point symbols were larger.
I expect that not all users know exactly where all of the high schools are
located. Right now it can be difficult to tell where they are in relation to
the edges of their attendance boundaries.


Label all neighborhood equally
Karen Hohndel
The annotation for "West Haven Sylvan", "Raleigh Hills" and "Garden
Home-Whitford" seems to be strangely oversized compared to the rest of the map
annotation. It is also odd that as one moves south and east across the map
toward Aloha and the new high school no other communities rated named
recognition.


Sort maps by stats
Darren Hart
It would be useful to sort maps by a statistic that you care about, such as
proximity or transitions. Those two are easy to quantify and sort.


Provide for comments
Darren Hart
As maps are discussed in various groups, it would be nice if the comments can be
captured someplace so the same ideas aren't rehashed over and over.
Depends on per user login.
